well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about
leadership consistency flexibility and
the President of the United States
Donald Trump years ago I was talking to
a Warrant Officer and he was just giving
me general advice he told me that if you
wanted to be a good leader if you wanted
to inspire those who are looking to you
for leadership but every once in a while
you had to be first through the door you
had to be the one to take the risk you
had to be first through the door you
could not ask them to do anything they
hadn't seen you do first and then if you
did this those under you would follow
you through any war it's great advice
it's great advice and this guy knew what
he was talking about he was very well
respected and he had been through the
door first a number of times he was in
Panama Grenada and Vietnam that was his
advice on leadership and he was a real
leader the President of the United
States was recently asked about the
Republican National Convention there in
Jacksonville and what they were going to
do now that the numbers are going up
he answered with his typical word salad
in the beginning talking about North
Carolina and how they didn't want to let
him use the arena and all of that stuff
the important part is when he says we
went to Florida and when we went when we
signed a few weeks ago it looked good
and now all of a sudden it's spiking up
a little bit and that's going to go down
it really depends on timing look we're
very flexible we could do a lot of
things but we're very flexible in regard
to his convention on August 24th in
Florida schools must open in the fall
all capital letters exclamation points
in Florida that's before August 24th not
a whole lot of flexibility there in fact
if they don't do it if they don't follow
his edict to bite wheat well we may just
have to pull their funding no
flexibility for them know that it
couldn't work the president needs to
have his convention the Republican
National Convention needs to take place
in Jacksonville in fact they need to
move up the date they need to have this
convention before the president tries
his little experiment on this nation's
children this is the opportunity for the
president to be first through the door
to show us that he can be a leader they
need to move it up and none of that
fancy testing and safety precautions you
know no rapid testing no temperature
checks needs to be the exact same
conditions you will find in a public
schools cafeteria hallways classroom or
bus show us that it's okay be a leader
be first through the door no flexibility
on this one
the entire country is watching
and if he chooses to alter his plans for
Jacksonville he's saying very clearly
that he values a bunch of politicians
more than this nation's children
teachers and the support staff at
schools there's no other way to read
that no flexibility on this one it's
time for the president to lead I know
it's a little late in his administration
to do so but if he doesn't do it at
least we do get a consistent approach
throughout his entire administration one
of abject cowardice you can't change
that date you can't have extra
precautions
you can't socially distance beyond what
can happen in a school no no flexibility
on this one sir anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good day